spa-gateway-agent/README.md, before:

#BWG Spa Gateway Java Agent
The Java agent provides a messaging platform which runs on any
device that supports Java 8. The agent allows the device to interact with
MQTT by sending and receiving messages encoded
in a Google Protocol Buffers format that follows the Spa Gateway IDL encoding(refer to spa-gateway-idl project)


##Dev environment note, you must have a MQTT broker available and configured
Install a local MQTT broker on your machine,
mosquitto is good, quick install for Mac/homebrew - http://mosquitto.org/download/
enable mosquitto as service:
ln -sfv /usr/local/opt/mosquitto/*.plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents
launchctl load ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.mosquitto.plist
run mosquitton now:
launchctl [start|stop] homebrew.mxcl.mosquitto


##Agent Usage Example
create a directory called 'gateway_agent'
copy src/config/config.properties, src/config/dio.properties, and src/config/logback.xml into 'gateway_agent'

If you want to just simulate mock data and are not connecting to a real Spa controller,
then in config.properties, make sure to specify:
command.processor.classname=com.tritonsvc.gateway.MockProcessor

Using IDE, define run/debug launch config for AgentLoader.java and set Program Arguments to have one argument
which should be set to the 'gateway_agent' directory specified as full path, now execute AgentLoader.

Using standalone built jar:
mvn clean install
java -jar target/spa-gateway-agent-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar <gateway_agent directory path>


You should see log activity in 'gateway_agent'/logs/bwg.log. The MockProcessor will push
a gateway and controller registration message onto MQTT topic 'BWG/spa/uplink' and later some
fake pre/post water temperature readings once every 5 minutes.

Commit message:

Set Spa Target Temp Story: include native armv7 lib for device io in java

spa-gateway-agent/README.md, after:

#BWG Spa Gateway Java Agent
The Java agent provides a messaging platform which runs on any
device that supports Java 8. The agent allows the device to interact with
MQTT by sending and receiving messages encoded
in a Google Protocol Buffers format that follows the Spa Gateway IDL encoding(refer to spa-gateway-idl project)


##Dev environment note, you must have a MQTT broker available and configured
Install a local MQTT broker on your machine,
mosquitto is good, quick install for Mac/homebrew - http://mosquitto.org/download/
enable mosquitto as service:
ln -sfv /usr/local/opt/mosquitto/*.plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents
launchctl load ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.mosquitto.plist
run mosquitton now:
launchctl [start|stop] homebrew.mxcl.mosquitto


##Agent Usage Example
create a directory called 'gateway_agent'
copy src/config/config.properties, src/config/dio.properties, src/config/logback.xml into 'gateway_agent'
     
If you plan to run the agent on target(armv7 processor) with a connection to a real spa rs485:
copy lib/armv7/libdio.so 'gateway_agent'

If you want to just simulate mock data and are not connecting to a real Spa controller,
then in config.properties, make sure to specify:
command.processor.classname=com.tritonsvc.gateway.MockProcessor

Using IDE, define run/debug launch config for AgentLoader.java and set Program Arguments to have one argument
which should be set to the 'gateway_agent' directory specified as full path, now execute AgentLoader.

Using standalone built jar: 
mvn clean install
kick off the agent as configured for MockProcessor:
java -jar target/spa-gateway-agent-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar <gateway_agent directory path>
kick off the agent as configured for BWGProcessor which attempts to make real rs485 connection on 
serial port configured in config.properties(requires armv7 processor):
java -Djava.library.path=<gateway_agent directory path> -jar spa-gateway-agent-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar


You should see log activity in 'gateway_agent'/logs/bwg.log. The MockProcessor will push
a gateway and controller registration message onto MQTT topic 'BWG/spa/uplink' and later some
fake pre/post water temperature readings once every 5 minutes.
